Cleanup of cannned responses (#76689)
ansible/ansible: hacking/ticket_stubs/question_for_lists.md

Hi!

> Thanks very much for your interest in Ansible.  It sincerely means a lot to us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks very much for your interest in Ansible.  It means a lot to us.
```

> This appears to be a user question, and we'd like to direct these kinds of things to either the mailing list or the IRC channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This appears to be a user question, and we'd like to direct these kinds of things to either the mailing list or the chat channels.
```

>    * IRC: #ansible on [irc.libera.chat](https://libera.chat/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Matrix: [#users:ansible.im](https://matrix.to/#/#users:ansible.im)
   * IRC: #ansible on [irc.libera.chat](https://libera.chat/)
```

   * mailing list: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ansible-project

> See  this page for a complete and up to date list of communication channels and their purposes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See  this page for a complete list of communication channels and their purposes:
```

   * https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/communication.html

Because this project is very active, we're unlikely to see comments made on closed tickets and we lock them after some time.

> If don't you think this particular issue is resolved, you should still stop by there first, we'd appreciate it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If don't you think this particular issue is resolved, we'd appreciate it if you asked first on one of the communications channels.
```

This allows us to keep the issue tracker for bugs, pull requests, RFEs and the like.

> Thank you once again and we look forward to seeing you on the list or IRC.  Thanks!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thank you once again and we look forward to seeing you on the list or chat channels.  Thanks!
```
